{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23000\viewh16760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- paragraph 2, line ~14: I think the terminology is a little confusing. By\
revolution, does it mean the Earth's orbital motion?\
\'97>Disagree, I think they are specific e.g. https://science.nasa.gov/learn/basics-of-space-flight/chapter2-1/\
\
\
\
- paragraph 3, last sentence. I would rephrase to "This approach extends\
naturally to other instrumental lines provided they have an associated\
witness PEM channel, a topic for future work."\
\'97> DONE\
\
Section II A\
- paragraph 1: I think the assumption that the small fluctuations are all\
Gaussian noise might not be quite true - if I remember right, there are\
some lines that are actually pretty small, so on the scale of this plot,\
what looks like Gaussian noise could be a line.\
\'97> Noted, but I think for the purposes of this work it is appropriate to describe them as Gaussian as a sort of heuristic\
\
- paragraph 1, last line: is there a reference about the magnets?\
\'97>Reference added\
\
Section IIB\
- paragraph 2: there are a few places where gravitational wave could be\
replaced with GW to be consistent\
\'97>Fixed\
\
- paragraph 5: just a minor thing - I would probably suggest writing "PEM\
position" rather than "PEM site" as site (to me at least) sounds as though\
all the PEMs are in the same location.\
\'97> Agreed. Fixed\
\
\
- last paragraph: can we identify these lines from the line list? From\
eyeballing, it's not easy, but there are several beam splitter violin\
lines around 300 Hz. I also think that the other line is not at 200 Hz, to\
me it looks lower (there is an unidentified line at 200 Hz, but I don't\
think this is the one we are looking at in the plot). In fact, I think\
what we are seeing in Figure 3 could be harmonics of the 60Hz with the\
strong lines at 180Hz and and 300Hz and a weaker line at 120Hz.\
\'97> Yes I think they are harmonics. Pat suggested the same. Text updated.\
\
\
Section IIIB\
- paragraph after the pseudocode: the delta parameter that is quoted is\
100, whereas in the pseduocode point 1, it is said to be 0 < delta << 1.\
\'97> FIXED\
\
Section IV\
- Fig 7: I think I would also suggest having 4 panels here - I think it\
could be misinterpreted that the low and high frequency signals are all\
part of the same dataset.\
\'97> I think I disagree. Feel like it is obvious from the context. Lets see what referee says \
\
- there are a couple of places where numbers and units fall across line\
breaks, if you put a "~" in between them, this stops it happening.\
\'97> Noted. Fixed\
\
Section VA\
- Figure 8: the numbers/labels are probably a little on the small side\
\
Section VB\
- paragraph 2: which two PEM channels are used for the N_ref = 2 case?\
\'97> Synthetic data. So we can just add in another reference r(t). To clarify with Sofia \
\
Conclusions\
- paragraph 2: I might suggest adding a reminder in the first sentence\
that the tests are on simulated data for this paper. Incidentally, are you\
planning a follow-up with the real data? I have the scripts for reading in\
real data for the ANC - I think I may have already sent them over to you,\
but can send again if that's useful for the future. It'd also be\
interesting to know if you got the same issues that I found with real data\
(with noise being added at other frequencies).\
\'97> There is already a reminder re synthetic data in last sentence of first para.. Real data TBD}